doc: TF-M updates for the NCS 2.0.0 release (#7614)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_power_opt.rst

    See :ref:`ug_nrf5340` and :ref:`ug_multi_image`.

1. Set the project configuration ``CONFIG_SERIAL`` to ``n`` irrespective of whether you are building the sample for the secure or non-secure build targets.

> #. For the non-secure build target (``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns``), ensure that serial logging is also disabled in TF-M by setting ``CONFIG_TFM_LOG_LEVEL_SILENCE`` to ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. For the non-secure build target (``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns``), ensure that serial logging is also disabled in Trusted Firmware-M by setting ``CONFIG_TFM_LOG_LEVEL_SILENCE`` to ``y``.
```
TF-M hasn't been mentioned on this page before.
